Now we want to work on the shopping cart page, if we run the application, we are successfully able
to add items to our shopping cart.
What we want to work on is a page where we will display all the items that are added to the shopping
cart.
So far that right here on the navigation, let me add a link to go to that page.
So I have a search for bootstrap icons again, and I want to search for the cart icon.
Let's scroll down.
The basic cart looks good that copy that.
We've added to that in the underscore lay out M.P.H. right here.
I've just turned a light tag.
Give it the same bootstrap classes, which is nav item.
And inside there, we will have anchor tag with the class of now link and be able to find the controller.
This will go to card control.
Controller action will be the index action.
We have not added that, but we will add that very shortly.
Let me paste the icon here.
Go back and refresh and perfect looks good.
So click here.
Nothing happens.
We need to add this page.
So let me stop the application and add that, Mike, while I'm here, if you want, you can be explicit
about the area as well.
So Xperia one, be the customer India.
So inside our customer area controllers, let's have a new controller with the name of card controller.
Let's act this.
And if you're going to be explicit here on the last name, we can define the area.
This is inside the customer area.
So with that index action method has been created.
Let's also create a view for that.
We're very quick ad you.
We can go with the reserve you name index, so that looks good.
We can add that a new folder is created for a card and that looks good.
Let's run the application and make sure we are able to navigate to this page.
If we click on here, it takes us to the new empty page that we entered so perfect, that looks good.
And then for thank why I like to give snippets.
So in section nine, we have the first one, which is the shopping cart UI, where the copy does go
back while the application is running pasted here, come back and refresh.
We have dummy data inside here with Gmail, and she says we have one card item like what we need to
do is add a for each loop and for all the items in the shopping cart.
We need to repeat this rule.
So let's do that in the next review.